Be careful
Wait, wait, wait. It doesn't hurt
This is my completion to get the reward King Kong does not change.
King Kong doesn't change it, call me.
The aunts who take a bath in the bathhouse hurt more than you adults
The cost of the rough stone planing just now netted 300 million
50/50, that's 150 million.
As for the money I owe you
I'll give it to you when I turn it around.
Hey, no need, it's all small money.
This system is too awesome
But I sacrificed so much today
Is there any hidden reward?
Today's task is even more difficult
The event reward turns a stone into gold once
I really think about it
Then I should turn my house into gold
But the house is rented.
What am I good at?
Big brother haha
Ah!